there is a perfume prepared from the
human body moreover emanating a very
attractive scent
based on it you can attract anyone do
you want to own it a pervert is
attracted to the scent of beautiful
young girls and continues to kill 13
young girls to make perfumes from them
this is an extremely attractive movie
called perfume
one year in french a child was born from
a french fish market
the child's mother had no conditions to
nurture him so she mercilessly abandoned
the baby
but the child's life was so intense
villagers heard the crying of children
and found the baby lying in a pile of
rotten fish because of this cruel act of
the mother
she was hanged to death by everyone the
child was named jean and taken to the
orphanage
at the age of five jean was still unable
to speak but had an extremely sense of
smell
he can even find its original from the
smell of the branches or the fruit
falling on the ground
at the age of 13 the orphanage sold gene
to a leather factory to be an employee
for money
life in the leather factory was
extremely difficult but jean's vitality
was still very strong
he works very hard sometimes he looks at
the rich neighborhood next door
and wishes one day he could be like them
as an adult
on one delivery gene gets to the place
he's always dreamed of
jean feels everything is extremely
wonderful everywhere
there are attractive scents gene uses
his sense of smell to feel everything
including the smell of street food
the smell of flowers or the smell of
perfume in luxury stores
the excitement in his heart highly
raised while he was standing staring in
front of a perfume store
one cent attracted him so much it was a
very attractive scent emanating from a
redeed selling selling yellow plums
john followed her scent everything about
the girl is very attractive to him
jean took the girl's hand inhaling the
enchanting scent of her hand
the very scared girl pulled her hand
away and ran away
jean didn't want to give up he used his
sense of smell
to follow the girl's scent jean managed
to find the girl's place
and carelessly killed her while the two
struggled but he's not panicking
he indulged in the scent on the girl's
body he regrets not being able to make
all of these seductive senses on
after a while he felt the suns fade away
this is the beginning
of the crimes he committed this is also
when gene feels the meaning of life in
his life
an intention that grows in his mind he
must find a way
to preserve the human scent during a
delivery to a drop her filmmaker named
joe
jean accidentally revealed his super
sense of smell
although he never attended a training
school gene created a scent
that made joe extremely passionate after
that
joe accepted jean as his apprentice joe
ransom
gene from the owner of the leather
factory with a huge of money
the owner of the leather factory died
shortly thereafter
having a helper as powerful as jean
joe's stores business has changed well
the store's profits reached its largest
ever they cooperate very well
here john also learns how to make
perfumes but jean could not find a scent
as attractive as the one on the girl
last time
he wants to find a way to retain the
scent of the human body
he brought a pile of iron with a cat
into the distillery to refine
but he failed joe told jean that it was
impossible to capture the scent from
humans
hearing the bad news gene despaired and
passed out
after regaining consciousness joe tells
jean that in a town called grass there
is a grease separation method that can
help gene get what he wants joe was so
cunning
he wanted gene to find out 100
combinations
before he let him go after listening to
it jean recovered within a week
100 cent combinations are very easy to
gene
he completes the mission quickly and
then begins his own journey
joe after having 100 combinations of
sense is extremely happy
he thinks about the money he will earn
in the future is extremely satisfying
then his old house suddenly collapsed
and joe just drowned in it
at this time jean was resting in a cave
after a long way
after a while jean discovered that he
could no longer smell the scent on his
body
for gene not having a scent is losing
himself he was terrified of being looked
down upon
then he decided to do an unbelievable
thing he would make everyone knew
that he was a very famous person on the
other hand
in grass there was a carriage passing by
on the carriage there was a very
beautiful red-haired girl
she has a father who cares too much for
her her father guarded her so tightly
that gene could not approach her
what he wants most now is to create the
scent on human after many experiments
jean has found a way to retain the scent
from girls bodies
first he had to kill them take off all
their clothes
then cut off all of their hairs then he
used a cloth filled with condensed oil
to cover their bodies
waiting for their scents to seep into
the oil concentrate he separates the oil
and refines it
these essence are the scent of the girls
but few girls cannot make a perfume
to fill the pots jean became frantically
kidnapped for girls
jean killed two more girls to make more
perfumes from them
he has nearly crafted perfumes that have
a unique scent
the dream of being known to the world
was very close to gene
however he needs one more scent to
create the last smell of his unique
perfume
this step is extremely important it
determines whether his perfume is unique
or not
of course the girl he needed was also
very special
jean thought of that rich red-haired
girl the town of grass was now covered
with an atmosphere of uncertainty
after the bodies of ten girls were
discovered the people here were
extremely scared
they swear to find that ruthless killer
but they couldn't find any clues
being the most beautiful girl in town
the red-haired named laura was also
extremely scared
her father even more strictly guarded
her after 11 murders
the government announced they had found
the culprit after being tortured the
murderer admitted all the guilt
but laura's father didn't believe the
confessed criminal was the culprit
he was not reassured so he decided to
take laura out of town
she knows that then he relies on the
scent of the girl to chase after
the night came laura and her father
stopped at a small hotel
laura's father checked the place for
safety and then they decided to sleep
there
the next morning when laura's father
unlocked her room
he found laura dead with naked body so
this beautiful girl was also killed by
jean to make the perfume
while jean was pouring perfume into the
bottle he was surrounded by a crowd of
soldiers
jean was locked in a prison but did not
forget to hide his perfume bottle with
him
that special perfume bottle started to
work officials in grass
decided to execute gene for the horrible
things he had done
but there was something wrong on that
day jean was neatly dressed and
descended from a luxurious carriage
at this time on his body is the scent of
his perfume bottle
everyone looked at him with enchanted
eyes gene stepped onto the execution
platform with a proud attitude
the person about to be executed he knelt
down with his face full of a strange
excitement
criminals like jean with the magic power
of perfume make everyone be witching
they are all generalized their passions
in the middle of the street
even laura's father who deeply hates
gene is begging for jeans forgiveness
right now jean remembered the first girl
he was attracted to
he knew he had fallen in love with that
girl jean couldn't forget her
gene began to understand something and
shed tears after everyone was back to
normal
jean was gone for a long time they
choose to forget what happened
and find a replacement person to finish
this crime at this point
jean returned to the place where he was
born it is a poor fish market
gene took the bottle of perfume and
poured it all over him
people stormed the man with the
seductive scent john finally ended his
life full of crime
after watching the end everyone will
surely have extremely mixed feelings
gene is actually a very pitiful person
from the moment he was born
he only felt cold treatment when he
finds something he loves
he feels only briefly that's why he
spends all of his life figuring out how
to keep what he wants
but when he has fulfilled his wish he
knows that even if he has it all
he will never have the love of the girl
he loves anymore in the end he was
unable to have the warm feelings as
everyone else
the movie here is the end thank you for
watching follow my page to watch more
film review